Real Time Bidding (RTB)
Ringba's RTB technology was built specifically to facilitate programmatic call trading between buyers and sellers. This API gives buyers the ability to bid on live phone calls in real-time.

Getting Started
Ringba's flexible architecture allows for the passing of unlimited dynamic data points along with bid requests in a single transaction via GET or a POST using JSON or XML.
Selecting Your Environment
The `Environment` variable can have one of 3 different values:
Environment Value	Description
Production	This environment is used for live bidding
Test	This environment is for testing your RTB integration. Please note that the Test environment has a restrictive rate limit, non-routable numbers, and may result in billable costs if TCPA Shield, Instant Caller Profiles, or other incremental service is enabled on the campaign
Sandbox	Similar to the Test environment, but only returns sample data as opposed to live campaign data
Configuring your RTB ID
The `rtbI` is a unique identifier that is assigned to every publisher inside an RTB-enabled campaign. Publishers will have a different `rtbId` for every campaign. To view the `rtbId` follow these steps in the portal:
For Publishers: Under the "Campaigns" tab, click "Manage Campaigns". Click on the name of a campaign that has an "RTB Status" of "ON". This will bring up the details for the campaign selected. At the top of the page under the campaign title, click the "Real Time Bidding" tab, which will display the RTB setting for the campaign. At the top of the details, there is field called "RTB Id" which contains your rtbId for use in the following requests.

For Admin Users: Under the "Campaigns" tab, click "Manage Campaigns". Click on the name of a campaign that has an "RTB Status" of "ON". This will bring up the details for the campaign selected. Scroll down to the "Publishers" section of the page. Under the name of each publisher you will see an "RTB ID" and the value that follows is the rtbId for use in the following requests.

Bid Explanation
Bids are in US dollars, rounded to two decimal places. For example, $33.10 is reflected in the bid amount as 33.10.
If a call is received to a SIP address after the bid expiration has elapsed, the call will be rejected. If the call is received to a DID after the bid expiration the call may be rejected or may still connect, however, no value will be credited to the publisher. Please ensure that calls are forwarded and connected before the bid expires.

Response Overview

Bid Field Definitions
Field	Definition
bidId	Bid's unique ID
bidAmount	Payout for the publisher if the bidTerms are accomplished
expireInSeconds	After this period of time, the bid will expire and may not be honored
bidExpireDT	The exact Date and Time when the bid expires
bidExpireEpoch	The epoch of the expiration time
phoneNumber	The Phone Number to route the phone call to
sipAddress	The SIP Address to route the phone call to
bidTerms	The specific conditions that must be accomplished in order to the publisher be paid. See the Bid Terms Codes table below for more details
warnings	Important notifications about this bid request. See the following Warning Codes table for more details
Warning Codes
View More
Warning Code	Description
200	The bid cannot be guaranteed without a caller ID. Calls may be routed differently based on the information about the caller. Provided Caller ID will not be disclosed to the account administrator unless they win the bid and the call is connected.	
205	Sending calls via SIP is preferred over routing them to DID. DID numbers are not unique and are not protected from receiving spam calls or calls from expired bids. Consider always providing Caller ID when not using SIP.

220	Request executed in Test mode. The bid amount is guaranteed to be equal to a production mode bid, but the phone number and/or SIP address cannot be used to forward your call. Requests to this endpoint are heavily throttled, if you need to do significant testing use Sandbox mode instead.	
222	Request executed in Sandbox mode. The bid amount is not guaranteed to be equal to a production mode bid, and the phone number and/or SIP address cannot be used to forward your call. This is the best way to send test requests.	

Bid Terms Codes
The bidTerms response object contains the specific conditions and requirements that a buyer needs to be met in order for the publisher to be paid for the call. Here is a full list of bidding codes

Bid Terms Code	Description
100	Minimum call duration in seconds
101	Call must connect
102	Call must convert
110	Duplicate calls are not allowed
